[Music]
[Applause]
yeah oh you talk you told me Oh nobody's
Charlie nobody way let's hear how it
will actually melted when I tell you I
will you your inhibitions longest meets
Laden this is so demos along the inside
and your inhibitions of God they really
have gone in trouble I told anybody
didn't matter
okay starting off with Bruno there's no
holding you back try even crazy excited
very excited I absolutely love the
routine Cabella well done
brilliant
[Music]
[Applause]
Arleen well yep and I think you've cast
off that cloak of modesty forever I am
being miss quarterfinals now I would
have just like to have seen those he
flicks
just open from the final let's get real
yeah I know but it was still absolutely
wonderful Lin great job getting I loved
it she's right the kicks were a little
bit floppy and you had peculiar hands
once or twice Kraig Revel Horwood No
[Applause]
Goodman